{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red218\green228\blue234;\red110\green97\blue227;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c85098;\cssrgb\c88235\c91373\c93333;\cssrgb\c50980\c48235\c91373;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hello \
My name is Moonis and I\'92m a second year Masters in Computer Science student at University at Buffalo.I did my bachelors in Computer Engineering from Jamia Millia Islamia. \
I have a professional experience of 1 year with 8 months as a decision scientist at Innovaccer where I used python for textual and statistical data analytics and 4 months at Tracxn where I used Java (Groovy) for backend development along with Grails and Javascript for frontend development. \
I was also a part of the Google Summer of Code 2014 program under CERN where I created a centralized (mysql) and localized (sqlite) database file storage mechanism to substitute the existing file storage mechanism (OpenAFS). Not only was the system faster but it also reduced the space usage by almost 50%. \
I was also member of the winning team JMIU at ISC15's Student Cluster Competition. The team was the first ever team from India to take part in this competition won the "Highest LINPACK" award by recording a score of 10.78 TFlops under the 3kW limit. This would place the system at an estimated #6 on the Green500 list, with a score of 3.58 Tflops/kW. The score created a new world record of highest LINPACK in 3kW (no spikes > 3 kW). \
At Innovaccer, I implemented a paper on recurrent convolutional neural networks to develop a tweet classification system. The system was able to classify tweets successfully with an accuracy of 80%.I was also instrumental in the development of their retail analytics platform. \
At Tracxn, I developed a massive domain crawler which could crawl around 1 million newly registered/ deleted/updated domains in a matter of minutes. \
Currently, I am a student assistant at the Information Security Office at UB. My primary job role is to perform network flow analysis and develop a system to find and report malicious IPs. \
At UB, I have worked on various projects for different courses. One of the interesting projects is a Question-Answering System which I built for my final project for Information Retrieval. It has been designed using Python backend along with Stanford-CoreNLP to parse and clean tweets so as to extract entities and their relationship which is then stored in Apache Solr for querying. The fronted is built using Javascript and shows various analytics for the results. The project is live and can be checked out at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.aneeshbhatnagar.com/n-quire"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf4 http://www.aneeshbhatnagar.com/n-quire}}. \
I have also created a football analytics dashboard using Tweets from players. The dashboard is built using Angular.JS with MongoDB and D3.JS for all the charts. The site is live and can be viewed at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://ec2-54-69-253-226.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com/football/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf4 http://ec2-35-162-247-114.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com/football/}} \
Currently, I\'92m looking for full time opportunities and I was interested in your organization. I have attached my resume for you to have a look. \
\
Thanks and Regards\
Moonis Javed}